[somber music playing]
[Rebecca] Why are all these B-Cubers here?
From this moment on,
you all belong to Sister.
[Rebecca] But forget about me,
we've got to get out of here.
-Any ideas?
-My name es Homura.
I am not your enemy.
We'll need every bit of aid
we can get, right?
Welcome to Illega Tower, my humble abode.
Let me explain.
My hobby is turning
beautiful girls like you into furniture.
And after today, I'll have some cute
B-Cubers added to my collection.
[Rebecca]
We're going to get out of here.
And when we do,
that pervert is as good as dead.
[Sister] Trespassers.
What have you come looking for here?
You can call me Sister.
And I am the leader of Rogue Out.
["Eden Through the Rough"
by Takanori Nishikawa playing]
THE GREAT NAKED ESCAPE
Why are you here, Sister? I thought…
you were one of Witch's friends.
[Pino] Witch!
Are you able to monitor
my current video feed?
[Witch] Yes, Pino, I am.
I did not expect to see Sister Ivry
in a place like this.
Her appearance does not match
the Sister I remember.
However, the identification code matches.
[Witch] Please, exercise extreme caution.
Roger.
[Shiki] We were actually looking for you.
Why are you in a place like this?
You're not evil, are you?
[Sister] Good and evil
is irrelevant to a mercenary's job.
The contract is all that matters.
Fancy talk for stealing my friend,
you thief!
[Sister] Hmm. I see.
It would seem you're not here
to haggle with us.
Normally, if you offer double
the original payment, I give her back.
Anything less is in conflict
with my previous contract.
And to supersede an agreement without
due recompense is against my code.
I don't care!
Tell me where Rebecca is!
Interesting.
To think there are people
who would still dare defy us.
Let me remind you of your place
is this world, little boy.
-[snaps fingers]
-[troops marching]
[ominous music playing]
[Sister] Sorry, but there's been
a bit of trouble with one of my clients.
So I'll have to be on my way now.
And try to preserve their corpses
after you're done killing them.
[guard] Roger!
Your bodies will make
excellent soldiers for my army.
I don't think so!
[rapid gunfire]
[crackling]
[intense music playing]
He's flying?!
Is he using Gravity Ether Gear?
[groans]
-[grunts]
-[groans]
[grunts]
All units fire!
[rapid gunfire]
[groans]
[beeping]
[flat beep]
[blast]
Pull back!
-Huh?
-Master!
[grunts]
-A homing missile?
-[thud]
[yelps]
This is bad!
[explosion]
[gasps]
[guard] Did she just cut that missile?!
[thrilling music builds]
She has en Ether sword?
My Ether Gear is unstoppable.
And is made of Soul Blade.
Samurai are the coolest!
I think of myself as more of a knight,
but I'm not going to say anything.
That would be rude.
[Homura] Shiki. Go after Sister.
I can take care of everything else here.
[guard] Don't make me laugh.
You really think a girl
with a bootleg kimono
can take out members of Rogue Out?
[Homura] Five Sword Fencing.
Leopard Stance!
What?! Her sword split in two!
A leopard uses its quick feet
to capture its prey.
[guard] Fire!
[guards screaming]
[screaming]
[groaning]
[guards groan]
Damn it! Why can't I hit her?!
[Witch] That sword.
Why does she have it?
[Homura]
Hurry up and get out of here, Shiki.
I'm on it, good luck
with the rest of these chumps.
When I'm finished dealing with these,
would you… be willing to spar with me?
[Shiki] Sure. It's a promise.
So don't die, okay?
Deal.
[guard] Don't let that brat escape!
[rapid gunfire]
[slashing]
She's a monster!
[thrilling music continues]
[Homura] My name is Homura Kôgetsu.
And this blade is the sacred power
bestowed unto me by my master
for defeating the Demon King.
[Sister] What a drag.
Now Illega's giving me trouble as well.
[guard 1] Are you talking
about those intruders?
I'm not.
That's a separate problem altogether.
Illega is trying to be stingy about
all the good work we did for him.
[guard 1] What?
I thought he said he wanted us
to capture 30 B-Cubers for him.
[guard 2] And cute ones, on top of that.
He said he's not going to pay because
we were only able to capture 29.
[guard 2] What?
It's my fault, really,
for putting Ganoff in charge
when he's not capable
of counting to begin with.
What's strange is, I sent Jinn
with him too, anticipating this.
[guard 1] What are we going to do?
It's important to maintain
a relationship with the client, right?
So maybe I should go over and have a chat.
[Pino] Sound collection mode deactivated.
Master, it is as I thought.
They are most likely heading to where
Rebecca is located at this very moment.
Got it.
I'm on my way, Rebecca.
[music sting]
[Homura] I expected more
from a mercenary squad.
If I were to be honest, I'm not satisfied.
Oh shit, who is this chick?
I might be in over my head with this one.
Still, she's got a good-looking ass.
[Ganoff] Quit trying
to squirm out of paying us
because we're off by one, you bastard.
We already delivered them to Illega.
So quit being stingy and pay.
Illega will not be paying you.
It's his policy to not compensate
for sloppy services.
Then he should at least pay up
for the 29 we did deliver.
Come on!
You don't want to make Sister mad, do you?
My apologies, sir,
but Illega has made his decision.
[Ganoff] Talking to you, idiots,
is a waste of time. Bring him here!
[subordinate] I'm afraid
he's much too busy at the moment.
Is he touching the merchandise
without our permission?
[Sister] That's enough!
-Sister.
-Moscoy!
Leave this to me.
I'll talk it out with him myself.
It's him!
Master. we still need
to obtain Rebecca's location.
[Pino] It is possible
she is inside that building over there.
[Shiki] Yeah.
We're bringing Rebecca home.
Mosco, return to headquarters at once.
-Mos?
-Everyone else, remain where you are.
There should be a few human corpses
lying around the headquarters now.
Begin the usual preparations
for remodeling them.
Understood, Sister!
[grunting]
[grunting speeds up]
[moaning]
-[guard 1] Uh… guess anything is possible!
-[guard 2] For real.
Now then,
it's time we go visit our friend Illega.
[girls crying]
[sighs]
It's kind of ironic.
I always visited dangerous places
to spice things up for my viewers,
and I get into this sorry mess.
I watch the Tokkô Channel
all the time, you know?
That episode with
the mini black hole was my favorite!
[sighs]
-Yeah, but… it's all scripted.
-Huh?
Every one of my videos is fake.
I've never been
anywhere dangerous before in my life!
We're all just acting!
My whole channel is fake like me!
[gasps]
Wow, I never would have guessed.
-Geez.
-Guess I'm pretty gullible then.
[Milon, sobbing] Of course it's not real!
I don't wanna die!
I… I'm just… too scared to move.
[poignant music playing]
[crying]
I promise we're going to get out of here.
We all just have to work together.
We think of new content every day.
We can do this.
[Copa gasps] Um…
There's something really weird
going on with this stuff.
These bubbles are able to melt off
all of our clothes and jewelry, right?
Then, why it didn't affect
our bodies at all?
She's right.
[eating]
They don't taste like anything either.
-But, why?
-Don't knock it till you try it.
Now that you mention it…
the walls and the floor are fine, too.
Strange.
[gasps]
Was anyone wearing accessories
that were made of glass, by any chance?
Yeah, the pendant I was wearing earlier,
it was made of glass.
My glasses were as well,
so it must've melted right through them.
That's what I thought.
[Rebecca] Then we should be able to use
these bubbles to melt that glass door.
But, would they use meltable glass
for a door like that?
I bet that's the reason why
they put that door so high up there.
[gasps]
Because they don't want
any of the bubbles to reach it.
Good point, you're smart!
[B-Cuber] But how are we supposed
to get all the way up there?
[gasping]
A human pyramid. That'll work.
A what now?
There's 29 of us here in total.
If we form a pyramid like this,
we would have achieved
the necessary height to reach it.
[all straining]
[B-Cuber straining]
Of course, I'm stuck on the bottom…
Just imagine how fun it'd be
if someone walked into the room!
My knees are numb.
Hurry the hell up already!
I'm sorry, guys!
I know I weight the least out of everyone,
but I'm afraid of heights, so I can't.
Rebecca…
you've got this.
Almost there.
[all grunting]
[straining]
[suspenseful music playing]
Almost there!
[grunts]
[straining]
[grunting]
[suspenseful music continues]
-[thud]
-[girls screaming]
[Rebecca grunts]
Is everyone okay?
I think we're all okay here.
Did it work?
[squelching]
We did it!
The bubbles burnt through the door!
[girls cheering]
Hmm!
-You go get them, Rebecca!
-All of us here are counting on you!
There's a door. But no guards?
Be careful!
There could be soldiers
on the other side of that door!
Check to see whether it's locked or not.
And please, bring us some food!
[Miyako] Is there an air vent up there?
You'll be able to use that
to get to a different room.
Maybe it leads to some snacks.
There is!
[Rebecca] It's gonna be a tight fit.
But I can do it.
And bring us some clothes
if there are out there.
I can't afford to go outside
seen like this, can I?
I can't afford to starve and die!
Hmm, if only we had a map
of the entire building.
If only I could stuff my face right now.
[exhales]
Couchpo might have put a curse on me.
Of course I find the food storage room.
[gasps]
[screaming]
[grunts]
[shrieks]
Well, it seems one of them
was able to escape.
That's quite troublesome.
If you don't want to be
turned into my furniture,
I'll just make you into a new toy instead.
Pervert. Why are you doing all of this?!
[Illega] Why, you ask?
Because I got more money than
I know what to do with it, that's why.
And you can anything
with money these days.
Everyone does whatever you want
when you're rich like myself.
Oh yeah? But you can't control
people's hearts with money!
Who gives a crap about having a heart?
Especially when you have
the amount of cash I do.
How sad.
You're totally pathetic.
You think that I'm pathetic?
Is the people without any money
that are utterly pathetic!
After all, they're the ones that
get turned into my furniture,
and sit under my ass all day long.
[squelching]
What… is this?
My body is going numb.
I said I won't turn you into furniture,
but I'll make you my toy.
I promise I'll enjoy playing with you
until you break in front of me.
-[cracking]
-[yelling]
Shiki!
[groaning]
It hurts! It's hurts!
You are the one who kidnapped my friend.
This is payback.
[Rebecca]
Are Happy and the guild master okay?
[seething]
Shiki?
[yelling]
[groaning]
Where's Happy?
[yelling]
[thud]
[groaning]
Happy has sustained serious injuries,
but thankfully, he is still alive.
Pino.
The guild master's whereabouts
are still unknown.
At least Happy is safe.
-[hitting]
-[Illega groaning]
[Pino]
We should probably stop him soon, right?
[Rebecca] I don't think we can.
He wouldn't listen to me earlier.
I am left with no choice.
EMP activate!
-[buzzing]
-[Shiki grunts]
[groans]
-[Rebecca] That's enough, Shiki.
-Huh?
Thanks for saving me.
Huh…
Hey, hey, hey! Quit staring down, pervert!
I'm still numb and can't move my body yet!
Hey, Rebecca, over here. We all escaped!
-[girls laughing]
-What are you doing here?
[Rebecca] What the--
How did you all get out?
And where did you get those outfits from?
The door opened all of a sudden.
So we went out exploring
and found the quirkiest dressing room!
It only had clothes
like these weird costumes,
but I suppose
we're in no position to complain.
Let me guess, you didn't bring
an extra costume for me, huh?
There's a lot of cute girls here.
These are the B-Cubers
that got kidnapped with me.
Are you the one who opened
the door for all of us?
[Rebecca] It was probably Pino's EMP.
Pino?
Oh, these two here
are my good friends, Shiki and Pino.
They came to save all of us.
-Yo.
-It is a pleasure to meet all of you.
[grunts]
You've got good friends, Rebecca.
[giggling]
And as a matter of fact,
we did bring you a costume.
Thanks, you guys!
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[screams]
[grunts] I've been waiting for you,
space ninja.
-Oh no, he found us.
-Let's go!
Pino, take care of everyone!
-I owe this guy a beating.
-[Pino] Yes, Master.
I will lead you to the exit. This way.
Are you sure he'll be okay alone?
He'll be fine.
Shiki is the strongest guy I know.
[Jinn] I can't believe
you actually came to Guilst.
I'll go anywhere to save a friend.
Those girls are precious merchandise.
I cannot allow them to escape.
They're not merchandise!
They're humans like us!
Rogue Out never forgives anyone
foolish enough to interfere with our work.
Defeating you is not enough.
You are going to die.
Bring it. No matter what, I will beat you
because I have something
worth fighting for.
And that's my friends!
-[gunshot]
-[groans]
Whew! Good thing I helped in time.
You didn't helped whatsoever.
Actually, I was guarding the entrance.
Hey, that sword's pretty cool.
Where did you get it?
I inherited this from my master.
[Weisz]Are all of these guys androids?
Damn, it looks so real!
Not like ours were. Huh?
Hey, where are you going?
I can sense powerful Ether
flowing beneath us.
-[Weisz] Underground?
-[Homura] Yes.
[grunts]
I think it's about time you tell me
what you're really looking for here.
I told you. I seek a match
with the Demon King, remember?
Sure. But you're hiding something.
You would dare to point a weapon
at your own friend?
Yeah, you're not my friend.
I ain't friends here
with anybody, sweetheart.
[Homura] You seemed quite content
taking me to the Edens Zero before.
What brought this about?
[scoffs]
To be honest, I didn't think you'd have
such powerful Ether Gear in your control.
Can't have you
cut my head off while I'm asleep.
Isn't it clear guns don't affect me?
Oh yeah? What about an Ether Gear gun?
You can use Ether Gear, too?
[glass shatters]
Moscoy! Moscoy!
Million Bullets Online!
-[gunfire]
-[Mosco] Moscoy!
[gasps]
[rapid gunfire]
[weakly] Mos…
coy.
What just happened?
That's my Ether Gear for you.
See?
Why bother with Gravity Boy
when you can just fight me?
[Happy] Huh? Where am I?
[Witch] You're finally awake.
-You are back on the Edens Zero.
-Huh?
[gasps]
-Where's Rebecca?
-Not to worry.
I received a notification from Pino
that they rescued her.
[sighs] What a relief.
But we were unable to restore
all of your functionality.
Really?
-[alarm blaring]
-[grunts]
[beeping]
Huh? What the… What's going on?!
There's an Ether reaction
in the Sakura Cosmos.
[Witch] What is happening?
[pulsing beeps]
Planets. Those dots were all planets.
[Happy] It's heading our way now!
[Witch] It's…
[roar]
[Witch] A chronophage!
[roaring]
[Witch] A chronophage
is heading towards Guilst!
["VLOG"
by CHiCO with HoneyWorks playing]
SISTER IVRY